Custom scheduler plugin support (#24439)
prestodb/presto: presto-router-custom-scheduler/README.md

> # Presto Router Custom Scheduler Plugin

Reviewer: `&ensp` is not a valid markdown character. Use double whitespace - https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/about-writing-and-formatting-on-github#line-breaks

# Presto Router Custom Scheduler Plugin

> This package implements third party custom schedulers to be used by Presto router

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This package implements third party custom schedulers to be used by the Presto router.
```

> ## Adding the custom scheduler plugin to presto router

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Adding the custom scheduler plugin to Presto router
```

The custom plugin jar that is built is placed in the presto-router/plugin/custom-scheduler directory,
to be picked up by the presto-router

> The scheduler name has to be set to CUSTOM_PLUGIN_SCHEDULER in the router-config.json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The scheduler name must be set to ``CUSTOM_PLUGIN_SCHEDULER`` in the router-config.json
```

>     "scheduler": "CUSTOM_PLUGIN_SCHEDULER"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ``scheduler``: ``CUSTOM_PLUGIN_SCHEDULER``
```

>     ``scheduler``: ``CUSTOM_PLUGIN_SCHEDULER``

Author: Done

> The name of the custom scheduler factory needs to be set in the property file router-scheduler.properties in presto-router/etc/router-config

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The name of the custom scheduler factory must be set in the property file router-scheduler.properties in presto-router/etc/router-config
```

## Main Classes:
* RouterSchedulerPlugin - Custom Scheduler Plugin class to be loaded by the Router plugin manager  
  This class implements the interface com.facebook.presto.spi.RouterPlugin.

> * MetricsBasedSchedulerFactory - Factory for creating specific custom scheduler  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* MetricsBasedSchedulerFactory - Factory for creating specific custom scheduler.
```

>   This class implements the interface com.facebook.presto.spi.SchedulerFactory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This class implements the interface com.facebook.presto.spi.SchedulerFactory.
```

> * MetricsBasedScheduler - Custom scheduler implementing the scheduling logic for clusters  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* MetricsBasedScheduler - Custom scheduler implementing the scheduling logic for clusters.  
```

  This class implements the interface com.facebook.presto.spi.router.Scheduler.  

>   More similar classes can be added implementing specific custom scheduling logic.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Similar classes can be added implementing specific custom scheduling logic.  
```
